c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Graphics\Graphics\bin\Debug\Graphics.exe.config
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Graphics\Graphics\bin\Debug\Graphics.exe
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Graphics\Graphics\bin\Debug\Graphics.pdb
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Graphics\Graphics\obj\Debug\Graphics.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Graphics\Graphics\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Graphics\Graphics\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Graphics\Graphics\obj\Debug\Graphics_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Graphics\Graphics\obj\Debug\Graphics_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Graphics\Graphics\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Graphics\Graphics\obj\Debug\Graphics.g.resources
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Graphics\Graphics\obj\Debug\Graphics.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Graphics\Graphics\obj\Debug\Graphics.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Graphics\Graphics\obj\Debug\Graphics.exe
c:\users\александр\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Graphics\Graphics\obj\Debug\Graphics.pdb
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Graphics\Graphics\bin\Debug\Graphics.Core.dll
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Graphics\Graphics\bin\Debug\Graphics.Math.dll
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Graphics\Graphics\bin\Debug\Graphics.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Graphics\Graphics\bin\Debug\Graphics.Math.pdb
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Graphics\Graphics\bin\Debug\monkey.babylon
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Graphics\Graphics\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Graphics\Graphics\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Александр\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Graphics\Graphics\obj\Debug\Graphics_Content.g.cs
